--- 
wordpress_id: 9
layout: post
title: Welcome to our blog
wordpress_url: http://blog.jilion.com/?p=9
---
We'd like to take the opportunity to introduce ourselves and tell you more about what we do.

We recently started <a href="http://jilion.com">Jilion</a> late summer 2009 but our team has actually been working together for several years at the <a href="http://www.epfl.ch">EPFL</a> campus in Switzerland.

Back in 2006, Mehdi and Zeno started the <strong>Jime</strong> project, rapidly joined by Thibaud and Octave and several other excellent contributors. Jime is a massive project, which is going to be our contribution to solve the current mess of the music industry by providing a complete Internet-based solution to its numerous problems.

Jime will propose a completely pro artists platform and a pure level playing field for all participants of this new value chain model.

Jime is a beautiful project that strongly unites our team. It is still cooking and will be launched ...when ready. So no additional teasing till then!

We decided to start <a href="http://jilion.com">Jilion</a> for several reasons:

First of all, we want to stay independent in order to keep a clean focus on what we think Jime should become.

We were asked from time-to-time to work on other projects as we collectively amassed tons of experience in complex back-end development using Ruby on Rails, rich interactive front-ends using JavaScript and web standards, social media platforms interoperability and stylish and effective interface design.

Also, it's healthy to close the loop more often than your own "big project" allows you, meet and work with people on exciting challenges and generate satisfaction for everybody.

For all these reasons, we are very excited to start <a href="http://jilion.com">Jilion</a> and we'll continuously aim at delivering our customers with the highest level of geek-excellence and satisfaction possible.

Whether you would like to work with us, discuss a project or anything else, feel free to <a href="mailto:%69%6e%66%6f@%6a%69%6c%69%6f%6e.%63%6f%6d">contact us</a>.

The Jilion Team
— Mehdi, Zeno, Thibaud, Octave
