---
title: "Introducing the Official SublimeVideo WordPress Plugin"
blog_display_title: "<span>Introducing the Official</span><span>SublimeVideo WordPress Plugin</span>"
authors: Jilion Team
layout: post
font_size: 36
tags:
- SublimeVideo
---
We're thrilled to announce the release of the official SublimeVideo WordPress plugin - available today from the "WordPress Plugin Directory":http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/sublimevideo-official.

Our plugin is fully integrated with MySublimeVideo, so you don't need to remember your site's 'token' or any other technical details. Once you’ve installed and authorized the plugin to access your account details, you’re ready to start embedding video using the plugin’s powerful video embed builder.

Check out the short demo video below to see just how easy it is to use. For more detailed usage instructions head over to our dedicated "documentation page":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/wordpress.

<video class="sublime" width="600" height="337" poster="http://assets0.jilion.com/static/videos/SublimeVideo-WP-Plugin-Demo.jpg" preload="none">
  <source src="http://assets0.jilion.com/static/videos/SublimeVideo-WP-Plugin-Demo.mp4" />
  <source src="http://assets0.jilion.com/static/videos/SublimeVideo-WP-Plugin-Demo-mobile.mp4" />
</video>

<p class="hide"><small><em class="caption">If you are reading through your <span class="caps">RSS</span> reader, please visit this <a href="http://blog.jilion.com/2011/05/23/aelios-for-ipad-is-available">web page</a> on the browser to watch the video.</em></small></p>

We'd like to take this opportunity to say thank you to "Jon Breitenbucher":http://jon.breitenbucher.net for developing and releasing the unofficial SublimeVideo WordPress plugin back in September 2010 (just two days after we launched the SublimeVideo beta). 

We'd also like to extend a huge thanks to Shawn Hesketh of "WordPress 101":http://www.wp101.com for his continued help and feedback whilst beta-testing the plugin, and for helping us produce the demo video above.

Finally, thanks to Dennis Stauffer (aka. "Zoomion":http://zoomion.ch) for allowing us to use an extract from his beautiful video 'Sahara Wonderland' in the demo video.

Head on over to the "WordPress Plugin Directory":http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/sublimevideo-official to get your hands on the plugin today.

<small>_Please note: This plugin is not compatible with the shortcodes generated by the non-official plugin._</small>
