---
title: "Hiring: Jilion is Growing and Opening for New Teammates"
title_html: "<span>Hiring: Jilion is Growing and</span><span>Opening for New Teammates</span>"
font_size: 36
authors: Mehdi Aminian
layout: post
tags:
- Company
---
Our core team is expanding and would be very glad to welcome new teammates in the following positions:

* "Marketing Communications Manager (UK)":/
* "JavaScript and HTML5 Software Engineer (CH)":/
* "Web & UI Designer (CH)":/

If you want to know why we need such a “huge increase” in personnel, read on...

h4. Small Team, Big Ambition

It’s amazing what small teams can achieve sometimes and I think it’s been the case for ours: In a just over two years, since "we candidly shared the demo of “SublimeVideo”":http://blog.jilion.com/2010/01/25/introducing-sublimevideo, the world’s first HTML5 Video Player with custom controls, our  team of seven has come a long way.

First of all - and this isn’t something we anticipated or planned for ourselves - we've been taken by storm by a huge viral buzz, with over 8,000 Twitter followers and one million unique visitors in six months on the original SublimeVideo demo page, as well as lots of blogs and press coverage. This was completely unexpected and really changed the course of our company, which was at the time working on a totally different Web project and at the incubation stage in our University at "EPFL":http://www.epfl.ch in Switzerland.

Being in this incubation phase was actually very helpful (thank you EPFL, our angel friends and families), as we already had a core team of four, combining Ruby on Rails, JS, CSS, design and entrepreneurial experience. That means we were ready to catch this unexpected HTML5 Video wave and move to the next phase, with the release of the world’s first cloud-based HTML5 Video Player - the only serious way we believe, to deliver a quality HTML5 Video player in this ever changing Web-browsers’ landscape.

Last year, after a successful free beta, we started commercialization, introduced a freemium model, some unique HTML5 real-time stats, and more. Today, SublimeVideo is serving every month millions of state-of-the-art, always up-to-date, HTML5 video players to thousands of sites and customers.

During the last two years, it was clear within the team that we  wanted to follow our own flavor of the lean startup model. On my side, I thought it was much more important to strengthen our core team, building value with great software and building metrics with real traffic and early revenues, rather than wasting time in writing business plans and chasing every possible VC (I already had been into this myself, as Founder and CEO of a 37 employee tech start-up with $10 million of capital and did not want to repeat what I experienced then). 

This time with Jilion and SublimeVideo, the priority has been to build strength and credibility, and first and foremost in our own eyes those of our users. To become really sure that what we are doing is something that makes a lot of sense and has some genuine universal value. In the process, you also give some time for the “Vision” to become crystal clear.

And this is where we are now; in front of us we have this huge transition to a new era of the Web, and particularly for Video, the transition to the No-plugin era, the HTML5 Video era. After two years, we now believe that we understand quite clearly what we have to do to become The True Enabler of this new HTML5 Video era, and we believe we have a couple of “interesting ideas” to do that (or as Steve could have said, “we nailed it”).

And that’s why we are now ready to grow a bit and welcome a few more teammates to accelerate and get there better and faster.

Thank you to let us know how you think you can contribute and why you’re cool! "Have a look at our open positions":http://jilion.com/jobs.